Solves AD Followup and Sun's comments (#82)
tireddy2/pqc-for-engineers: draft-ietf-pquip-pqc-engineers.md

### PQC Key Encapsulation Mechanisms (KEMs)

* {{ML-KEM}}: Module-Lattice-based Key-Encapsulation Mechanism Standard (FIPS-203).

> * {{HQC}}: Based on the hardness of syndrome decoding of Quasi-cyclic concatenated Reed Muller Reed Solomon (RMRS) codes in the Hamming metric. Reed Muller (RM) codes are a class of block error-correcting codes used especially in wireless and deep space communications. Reed Solomon (RS) are a class of block error correcting codes that are used to detect and correct multiple bit errors. This algorithm has been selected but has not been standardized yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {{HQC}}: This algorithm is based on the hardness of the syndrome decoding problem for quasi-cyclic concatenated Reed-Muller and Reed-Solomon (RMRS) codes in the Hamming metric. Reed-Muller (RM) codes are a class of block error-correcting codes commonly used in wireless and deep-space communications, while Reed-Solomon (RS) codes are widely used to detect and correct multiple-bit errors. HQC has been selected as part of the NIST post-quantum cryptography project but has not yet been standardized.
```

### PQC Signatures

* {{ML-DSA}}: Module-Lattice-Based Digital Signature Standard (FIPS-204).
* {{SLH-DSA}}: Stateless Hash-Based Digital Signature (FIPS-205).
* {{FN-DSA}}: FN-DSA is a lattice signature scheme ({{lattice-based}} and {{sig-scheme}}).

# ISO Candidates Selected for Standardization

> At the time of writing, ISO has standardized three PQC KEM algorithms, which are mentioned in the following subsection.

Reviewer: Add a reference to the ISO document.

Author: @tireddy2 We cannot its behind a paywall. You have to pay to access it.
